♪ WHEN THIS BOY
MEETS WORLD ♪
♪ BOY MEETS WORLD ♪
♪ WANDERING DOWN THIS ROAD
THAT WE CALL LIFE ♪
♪ IS WHAT WE'RE DOIN' ♪
♪ IT'S GOOD TO KNOW
I HAVE FRIENDS ♪
♪ WHO WILL ALWAYS
STAND BY ME ♪
♪ WHEN THIS BOY
MEETS WORLD ♪
JACKIE! COME ON,
MOVE YOUR BEHIND.
WE'VE GOT A CLUB FULL OF
PRETTY LADIES WAITING FOR US.
YOU SHOULD JUST
GO WITHOUT ME.
I'M NOT REAL GOOD
IN THE CLUBS.
JACK, ONE WORD--
YOU'RE WITH ME.
I KNOW.
I'M ALWAYS WITH YOU.
NEW GUY IN TOWN, DON'T
KNOW A LOT OF PEOPLE,
SO I GET TO TAG ALONG.
OH, COME ON, JACK.
THIS IS A "NO FROWNING" ZONE.
AND YOU DON'T JUST TAG ALONG.
NOW GET BEHIND ME.
I'M JUST UNCOMFORTABLE
PICKING UP GIRLS.
WATCH AND LEARN.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
LOVING YOU WITH MY EYES.
PLEASE DON'T.
THE LADIES LOVE IT.
COME ON.
SO IF THE LADIES
LOVE IT,
HOW COME YOU DON'T
HAVE A GIRLFRIEND?
I DON'T KNOW.
HI.
HI. I'M ERIC
ALISON MATTHEWS.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE THE REASON
WE HAVE CAMPUS ESCORTS.
YES, I AM.
YOU MUST BE JACK HUNTER.
HOW'D YOU KNOW THAT?
I LIKE TO KNOW
WHO MY NEIGHBORS ARE.
I'M MILLIE FROM 3B.
[ELEVATOR PINGS]
WELL, MILLIE FROM 3B,
WE'RE HEADING DOWN
TO O'DOOLEY'S.
WHY DON'T YOU,
UH, JOIN US?
OH, I'M NOT MUCH
OF A CLUB PERSON.
OH, NEITHER AM I.
YOU'RE CUTE.
WHY DON'T YOU SHOW ME
YOUR APARTMENT?
HEH!
SURE.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
HELLO!
[LOUDER] HELLO!
ANYBODY HOME?
NOBODY'S HOME?
GOOD-BYE, PANTS.
ERIC!
ERIC, BUDDY,
W-WHAT ARE
YOU DOING HOME?
TCH! THEY TURNED
O'DOOLEY'S
INTO A STARBUCKS.
I WAS INTO MY THIRD DANCE
BEFORE I NOTICED.
LOOK, I'M SORRY
YOU HAD A BAD NIGHT,
BUT I GOT
MILLIE OUT THERE.
OOH! MY MANNERS.
I'LL GO SAY HELLO.
HI, MILLIE.
YOU KNOW,
I'M REALLY GLAD YOU
AND JACK HOOKED UP.
HE DOESN'T HAVE
A LOT OF FRIENDS HERE.
IT'S VERY IMPORTANT
FOR ME TO HAVE JACK.
DON'T GET IN MY WAY.
YOU KNOW, JACK,
I'M REALLY GLAD
YOU MET SOMEBODY,
BUT DON'T YOU FIND
HER A LITTLE...
FREAKY?
WHY? BECAUSE SHE CHOSE ME
INSTEAD OF YOU?
I DIDN'T EVEN
THINK OF THAT.
[DOORBELL BUZZES]
COME IN!
WE CAN'T MOVE.
HEY, MILLIE!
I WAS UP ALL NIGHT
THINKING ABOUT YOU.
OH!
WHAT'S HE DOING HERE?
UH, GEE,
I DON'T KNOW, MILL.
I LIVE HERE.
I BROUGHT BREAKFAST
FOR YOU, JACK.
SMELLS GOOD,
DOESN'T IT?
WHY DON'T WE GO HAVE IT
OUT ON THE BALCONY?
OH, MILLIE, TOO BAD!
SO SAD!
YOU'RE GONNA
BE EATING
ALL BY YOURSELF!
YOU SEE, JACK AND I
ARE RUNNING UP THE
ROCKY STEPS TODAY.
BUT, JACK, I PLANNED
THE REST OF YOUR LIFE--
HEH! I MEAN DAY.
I THOUGHT WE'D TAKE
A NICE LONG WALK
AND THEN COME BACK
AND SIT OUTSIDE
AND WAIT FOR DARK.
STOP! STOP! STOP THAT!
NOW, WE'VE BEEN
STRETCHING FOR THIS JOG
SINCE SEPTEMBER.
WE'RE FINALLY LIMBER.
WHY IS HE
ATTACKING ME?
ERIC, YOU'RE
UPSETTING MILLIE. OK?
I WOULD LOVE TO SPEND
THE DAY WITH YOU.
[MOCKINGLY] MILLIE,
I WOULD LOVE TO SPEND
THE DAY WITH YOU. PHHT!
OH, GOOD,
YOU'RE STILL HERE.
I GOT UP EARLY
TO GIVE YOU
A SEND-OFF
FOR THE BIG JOG.
HEY, WHO WANTS
ROCKY HATS? HUH?
THANK YOU, SHAWN.
THAT'S SWEET OF YOU.
BUT SEE,
HE'S NOT GOING.
HE CHOSE HER OVER ME.
DON'T YOU SEE WHAT SHE'S
DOING TO YOU, JACK?
HUGGING YOU,
HOLDING YOU, KISSING YOU!
IT IS JUST WRONG.
MILLIE, THIS IS SHAWN.
I'M JACK'S BROTHER.
OH!
ANOTHER HUNTER.
SO NICE TO MEET YOU.
GREAT APARTMENT.
I LOVE YOUR BALCONY.
WE HAVE A BALCONY?
[DOORBELL BUZZES]
THAT'S FOR ME.
MY ROOMMATES WANT
TO SEE YOUR BALCONY.
HI.
HEY, I WANT
TO SEE IT, TOO.
TV announcer:
AND NOW WE RETURN
TO THE FRIGHTENING
CONCLUSION
OFHALLOWEEN PART 9.
MWA HA HA HA!
Woman on TV: AAH!
AAH!
HI.
HOW DID YOU
GET IN HERE?
JACK MADE ME A SET.
BUG YA?
HEY, MILL!
HI!
[SIGHS] JACK,
WE HAVE TO TALK.
FINE. TALK TO HIM.
HE BELONGS
TO ME NOW.
HEH.
BOY, SHE REALLY
LOVES IT OUT THERE.
YOU MADE HER KEYS?
SHE'S MY GIRLFRIEND.
OH, YEAH? WHAT'S
HER LAST NAME, JACK?
I DON'T HAVE TO
ANSWER THAT.
HMM.
WHAT DO YOU HAVE
AGAINST HER?
I DON'T KNOW, MAN.
IT'S HARD
TO FIND THE WORDS.
UH...MEAN, CREEPY,
EVIL, COLD-HEARTED.
ACTUALLY, ONCE YOU GET STARTED,
IT JUST KIND OF--
WHAT IS
YOUR PROBLEM?
I MEET SOMEONE.
I'M HAPPY.
YOU ARE NOT HAPPY!
YOU'RE JUST A SWEET,
DUMB FARM KID
WHO PICKED UP
WITH THE FIRST PRETTY GIRL
WHO FLASHES HIM
A SMILE.
I'M FROM NEW YORK CITY!
THAT TOWN AIN'T SO TOUGH!
LOOK,SWEETIE,
I'M JUST TRYING
TO LOOK OUT FOR YOU.
ALL RIGHT? I'M TRYING
TO MAKE SURE YOU'RE
NOT GONNA GET HURT.
I'M JUST TRYING
TO BE YOUR FRIEND.
IF YOUR IDEA
OF BEING MY FRIEND
IS TO STOP ME FROM
HAVING A GIRLFRIEND,
MAYBE YOU SHOULD
STICK TO BEING
MY ROOMMATE.
FINE.
FINE!
Woman on TV: AAH!
AAH!
CORY, YOU, ME,
AND A WEEKEND
IN PITTSBURGH.
CAN YOU THINK
OF ANYTHING
MORE ROMANTIC?
YEAH, A WEEKEND
IN PITTSBURGH
WITHOUT YOUR PARENTS.
LOOK, WE'LL HAVE
PLENTY OF TIME ALONE
DURING OUR LONG,
INTIMATE DRIVE UP.
OH, THERE'S NOT GONNA
BE ANY DRIVING.
WHAT ARE THESE?
2 PLANE TICKETS
TO STEEL TOWN.
WE ARE GONNA BE
KISSING 20,000 FEET
ABOVE THE GROUND.
HEH HEH.
OH, THERE'S NO WAY
I CAN FLY.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE I'M MORALLY
OPPOSED TO IT.
WHAT? FLYING?
UH--OH,
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
HUNTING WHALES.
WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU'RE AFRAID TO FLY.
NO, I'M NOT.
I DON'T THINK I AM.
I DON'T KNOW. CORY,
I'VE NEVER BEEN
ON A PLANE BEFORE.
NO! COME ON.
EVERYONE'S BEEN ON A PLANE.
HORSES GO ON PLANES.
WELL, I DON'T, AND
I'D APPRECIATE IT
IF YOU WOULDN'T
MAKE FUN OF ME.
OK, I'M SORRY.
WHY DON'T WE DISCUSS
THIS FEAR OF FLYING
OVER A NICE DINNER?
OR ARE YOU AFRAID
OF RESTAURANTS, TOO?
IF YOU WANT TO BE
INSENSITIVE, THEN
YOU CAN EAT ALONE.
YOU KNOW, YOU USED TO
THINK I WAS FUNNY.
[CHANTING]TASH CARANDO.
[THUNDER ROLLING]
HALOOSH BOOLA!
MANDONA UBA KOOSH KOORAH!
LORD OF DARKNESS,
RULER OF THE ANGUISHED,
ON ALL HALLOW'S EVE,
YOUR WORK WILL BE DONE,
BUT THERE IS ONE
WHO STANDS IN THE WAY.
HEY, MILLIE-MAN.
HEH HEH HEH!
AM I THE ONE WHO'S
STANDING IN THE WAY?
HOW MUCH
DID YOU HEAR?
I HEARD YOU
TALKING TO SATAN.
HEY, GUYS,
GOT THE PIZZA.
OW! JACK, DID YOU
JUST SEE THAT?
HE TRIED TO KISS ME!
YOU CREEP!
SHE WAS TALKING
TO SATAN!
WHAT?!
JACK, I THINK
SHE'S A WITCH.
AND NOT A GOOD WITCH
LIKE GLINDA,
BUT A BAAAD WITCH
LIKE WITH THE MONKEYS!
ARE YOU GONNA
LET HIM TALK
TO ME LIKE THIS?
YOU KNOW, I DON'T
BELIEVE YOU, MAN.
FOR THE FIRST TIME,
I'M DOING SOMETHING
WITHOUT YOU,
YOU CAN'T HANDLE IT,
AND YOU TRY TO TAKE
MY GIRLFRIEND.
SHE DOESN'T BELONG
TO YOU, JACK.
SHE BELONGS
TOEL DIABLO.
YOU JUST CAN'T STAND IT
'CAUSE THE NEW GUY IN TOWN
DOESN'T NEED YOUR HELP.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
THAT'S IT.
I'M NOT GONNA TALK ABOUT
THIS ANYMORE, ALL RIGHT?
YOU GOTTA MAKE
A CHOICE, MAN.
IT'S EITHER HER OR ME.
YOU'RE JUST
MY ROOMMATE, ERIC.
MILLIE IS MUCH,
MUCH MORE THAN THAT.
WE'RE WAITING.
HE CHOSE ME.
WHEN?
ALL RIGHT, WAIT A SECOND.
I'M NOT MOVING OUT.
WELL,
IT'S UP TO YOU,
BECAUSE
I'M MOVING IN.
[THUNDER BREAKS]
TSK!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'RE LETTING HER
MOVE IN HERE.
SHE'S ONLY STAYING
FOR A FEW DAYS, OK?
SHE'S HAVING TROUBLE
WITH HER ROOMMATES.
OH, WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
THEY DON'T LIKE EVIL?
SHE'S A WITCH, JACK.
STOP CALLING HER NAMES!
I SEE A CAULDRON.
IT'S HALLOWEEN.
IT SETS THE MOOD.
SO, ROSEMARY,
HOW'S THE BABY?
LOOK, LOOK, OK.
WE'RE GONNA BE
LIVING TOGETHER.
LET'S AT LEAST
TRY TO GET ALONG.
HEY, WHERE'S
SHE GONNA SLEEP,
HER BELOVED BALCONY?
ACTUALLY, YES.
OH! YOU GOT YOURSELF
A GOOD ONE
THERE, JACK.
GET OFF MY BACK,
MATTHEWS.
YOU KNOW SOMETHING?
FINE. I'M OFF YOUR BACK.
I THOUGHT
YOU AND I WERE FRIENDS.
I GUESS I WAS WRONG.
I'M JUST ANOTHER NAME
ON YOUR LEASE.
DO YOU BELIEVE HIM,
CALLING MILLIE A WITCH?
SHE'S NOT?
I ASSUMED SHE WAS.
W-WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
I'M SAYING
SHE'S A WITCH.
AT LEAST,
THAT'S WHAT I HEARD.
ANYWAY, I'M GONNA
GO HELP THE REST
OF THE COVEN.
HEY, BARBIE,
LET ME GET
THAT BOX FOR YOU.
OOH! THERE'S SOMETHING
BREATHING IN HERE.
[THUNDER CRACKS]
MILLIE.
HI.
HI. LOOK...
I DON'T KNOW YOUR LAST NAME,
AND I'M OK WITH THAT.
BUT THERE'S SOMETHING
I GOTTA KNOW.
ARE YOU A WITCH?
I AM. DOES THAT
BOTHER YOU?
HEH. NEVER DATED
A WITCH BEFORE.
WELL, THIS ISN'T
THE 16th CENTURY, JACK.
WITCHCRAFT ISN'T SPOOKY.
IT'S JUST A BELIEF.
ACTUALLY,
WE DO A LOT OF GOOD.
FOR INSTANCE,
OUR PITTSBURGH CHAPTER
WORKS WITH
INNER-CITY KIDS.
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
WELL, THEN MAYBE
YOU SHOULD CHECK!
LOOK, SWEETIE...
YOU DO WHAT YOU
HAVE TO DO.
BUT JUST KNOW
THAT NO ONE WILL
EVER FEEL ABOUT YOU
THE WAY THAT I DO.
NO ONE.
I LOVE YOU.
I KNOW YOU DO.
TOMORROW IS OCTOBER 31,
HALLOWEEN.
WE'RE GOING
TO HAVE A PARTY,
I'M GOING TO
INTRODUCE YOU TO ALL
YOUR NEW FRIENDS.
WE'RE GOING
TO HAVE FUN.
FUN.
OK, PLEASE TELL ME
THIS IS THE SHUTTLE
THAT TAKES US TO
THE REAL PLANE.
TOPANGA,
IT'S A REAL PLANE.
IT'S A REAL AIRLINE.
HOW MUCH DID YOU PAY
FOR THE TICKETS?
$12. IT'S A GOOD DEAL
BECAUSE THEY JUST GOT
OF BANKRUPTCY.
CORY, THIS IS
MY FIRST FLIGHT.
PLEASE DON'T
MAKE JOKES.
LISTEN, I KNOW
YOU'RE WORRIED, OK?
BUT REST ASSURED.
A GOOD PLANE
IS LIKE A--
A FINE WINE.
IT ONLY GETS
BETTER WITH AGE.
WELCOME ABOARD.
I'M CAPTAIN
DEXTER JORGENSON.
BECAUSE OF THE NATURE
OF THESE SMALLER AIRPLANES,
I'M GONNA
HAVE TO REDISTRIBUTE
SOME OF
THE WEIGHT FOR TAKEOFF.
MA'AM, YOU'RE PERFECT
RIGHT WHERE YOU ARE.
SIR, COULD YOU TAKE
THAT SEAT OVER THERE?
GOT IT.
OK. JUST GO
TO MY HAPPY PLACE.
BUNNIES.
CUTE LITTLE BUNNIES.
CUTE LITTLE BUNNIES
IN TINY CRASHING PLANES.
CORY, PLEASE GET
OVER HERE NOW!
I HAVE TO WAIT
FOR THE DING.
OH. DING!
WELL, WE HAVE
DEFINITELY LEARNED
ONE THING.
YOU ARE NOT
A GOOD FLYER.
AND YOU ARE GOING TO MAKE
A VERY INSENSITIVE HUSBAND.
FOR SOMEBODY ELSE.
HEY, YOU'RE
ERIC MATTHEWS' BROTHER.
YES.
YEAH, I WENT TO
SCHOOL WITH ERIC.
SAY HI TO HIM.
UH, CAPTAIN--HEH HEH!
WHEN YOU SAY YOU WENT
TO SCHOOL WITH ERIC,
YOU MEAN YOU WERE
HIS TEACHER, RIGHT?
HA! YEAH! TEACHER!
THAT'S FUNNY.
NO, ERIC
USED TO TUTOR ME.
WHEW. SMART KID
YOUR BROTHER.
WISH I HAD
HIS BRAINS.
I WOULDN'T BE
DOING THIS.
COME ON, MR. FEENY.
WILL YOU PLEASE JUST
GIVE ME THE CANDY?
SAY,
"TRICK OR TREAT."
IT'S THE RULES.
TRICK OR TREAT.
SAY IT WITH VIGOR,
LIKE YOU MEAN IT.
TRICK OR TREAT!
THAT'S BETTER.
NOW TO PROVE
THAT IT WAS
WORTH THE EFFORT,
A POCKET THESAURUS
FOR EACH OF YOU.
Kids: BOO!
AND SOME CANDY.
YAY!
HERE YOU GO.
OK, SKADOODLE.
MR. FEENY, CAN I CRASH
AT YOUR PLACE TONIGHT?
NO. WHY?
I HAD A FIGHT WITH JACK
ABOUT HIS GIRLFRIEND.
THE SAME OLD STORY.
SURE YOU HEARD IT
A THOUSAND TIMES.
SHE'S A WITCH,
SHE TALKS TO THE DEVIL,
AND APPARENTLY
I'M STANDING BETWEEN HER
AND THE DOORWAY TO HELL.
YOU'RE DEFINITELY
NOT SLEEPING HERE.
I KNOW, BUT OF ALL
THE NIGHTS TO FIGHT.
I MEAN, HALLOWEEN!
THIS IS THE ONE HOLIDAY
THAT'S SUPPOSED TO BRING
LOVED ONES TOGETHER.
YES, WELL, I'M SURE
YOUR FRIENDSHIP
IS STRONG ENOUGH
THAT YOU'LL ENDURE
A LITTLE ARGUMENT.
FRIENDS AREN'T
SUPPOSED TO LET GIRLS
COME BETWEEN THEM.
HMM.
BUT JACK HAS MADE IT
PERFECTLY CLEAR
THAT I'M JUST
HIS ROOMMATE.
I DON'T KNOW WHY
I'M LETTING THIS BUG ME.
WELL, IF HE WAS
JUST YOUR ROOMMATE,
YOU WOULDN'T BE OUT HERE
TALKING TO ME.
NOW, ERIC,
JUST THINK OF SOME WAY
TO GET HIM TO HEAR YOU.
HMM?
YOU DIDN'T EVEN
BREAK A SWEAT ON THIS ONE.
I HATE TO SEE
PEOPLE FIGHT
ON THE ONLY HOLIDAY
THAT BRINGS LOVED
ONES TOGETHER.
MERRY HALLOWEEN,
MR. FEENY.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
[RING]
MR. FEENY, HELLO. HI!
IT'S ME CORY.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN.
LISTEN,
I NEED YOUR HELP.
I'M SURE YOU DO.
NO, NO, I NEED YOU
TO LOOK UP SOMEONE
NAMED DEXTER JORGENSON
IN YOUR SCHOOL RECORDS.
MR. MATTHEWS, THOSE
FILES ARE PERSONAL
AND CONFIDENTIAL.
WHY DO YOU ASK?
HE'S MY PILOT.
UH-OH! WHATEVER
YOU DO, DON'T GET
ON THAT PLANE.
OH, GOOD-BYE,
MR. FEENY!
I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH!
I'M SURE YOU'LL
BE FINE, CORY.
I LOST HIM. TOPANGA--
OH, NO, TOPANGA,
I'VE LOST YOU, TOO!
NO, CORY,
I'M RIGHT HERE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WELL, DEXTER HEARD
THAT THIS WAS MY
FIRST TIME FLYING
AND THAT
I WAS AFRAID,
AND UNLIKE YOU
HE CARED,
SO HE ASKED ME
TO COME UP HERE
AND FACE MY FEARS,
AND NOW I'M FLYING
THE PLANE.
DEXTER?
YES, MY COPILOT?
IS IT ALL RIGHT
IF I SEE WHAT
THIS BIRD CAN DO?
GO FOR IT.
Cory: NOOO!
[COVEN CHANTING]
COME ON, JACK, CHANT.
JUST OPEN YOUR SOUL
AND LET THE SPIRIT
TAKE YOU TO THE PLACE
WHERE DARKNESS REIGNS.
HEH! CAN'T WE JUST
BOB FOR APPLES?
OK, I WANT TO THANK
WHOEVER PROVIDED
THE SHROUDS.
MINE'S A LITTLE SNUG.
ANYONE WANT TO TRADE
A MEDIUM FOR A LARGE?
I LOVE HALLOWEEN!
HOW COME
EVERYONE'S WEARING
THE SAME COSTUME?
[RASPY]
IT'S NOT A COSTUME!
MY MISTAKE.
[COVEN CHANTING]
CAN WE TRY THAT ONE
OVER AGAIN? 'CAUSE
I WASN'T READY.
3, 2, 1,
OHHH! ALL RIGHT!
NOW WE'RE WAILING!
PAR-TAY!
[DOORBELL BUZZES]
OH, HEY,
YOU IN THE SHROUD,
GET THE DOOR.
HA! THAT'S GREAT.
ONE FOR
THE LITTLE PIRATE,
THE LITTLE MERMAID--
OH, AND A LITTLE WITCH.
[RASPY]
YOU DON'T GET ANY,
BECAUSE YOU MOCK US!
IT'S TIME.
[CHANTING RESUMES]
MILLIE,
I WANT TO BREAK UP.
I'M NOT MILLIE.
I'M USHKAR,
QUEEN OF MALEVOLENCE,
DAUGHTER OF EVIL.
USHKAR,
I WANT TO BREAK UP.
IT IS TIME FOR
THE SACRED LIGHT BEAM!
SHAWN, WE'RE
IN TROUBLE HERE.
OH, LIGHTEN UP,
JACK. HAVE SOME FUN.
IT'S
A HALLOWEEN PARTY.
OK, THIS PART SUCKS.
ERIC WAS RIGHT.
YOU LIED TO US
AND YOU TURNED US
AGAINST EACH OTHER. WHY?
WE NEEDED YOUR
APARTMENT, YOU FOOL.
FROM THIS EXACT
SPOT, YOUR BALCONY,
ONCE IN
A THOUSAND YEARS,
VALARIS WILL COME
INTO ALIGNMENT,
AND SATAN'S TAIL
WILL APPEAR,
SENDING A LIGHT BEAM
THROUGH THE CRYSTAL
OF DEATH,
ENSURING OUR IMMORTALITY
AND OBLITERATING YOU.
OOH!
SHAWN.
WHAT? IT'S STARTED
TO GET FUN AGAIN.
IT IS WRITTEN
THAT IN THIS VERY SPOT
ON THIS VERY NIGHT
A HUNTER
WILL BE SACRIFICED.
2 HUNTERS ARE
EVEN SWEETER.
HOW ABOUT 2 HUNTERS
AND A MATTHEWS?
ERIC! YOU'VE COME
TO SAVE US!
HE WOULDN'T KNOW
HOW TO SAVE YOU.
OH, YEAH? WENT TO
THE BOOKSTORE LAST NIGHT,
PICKED THIS UP.
THE BRIDGES
OF MADISON COUNTY?
UH, AND THIS!
WITCHCRAFT
FOR DUMB-DUMBS.
YEP, THINK THEY MENTION
A COUNTERSPELL
IN HERE SOMEWHERE.
[CLOCK CHIMES]
IT'S TOO LATE.
IT'S TIME FOR
THE SACRIFICIAL BEAM!
YEAH, JUST HOLD ON
A SECOND THERE, ISHTAR.
PREPARE TO DIE THE DEATH
OF A THOUSAND DEATHS!
HA! HERE IT IS.
OW! HOT! HOT! HOT!
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
THE LIGHT BEAM
HIT YOU, AND
YOU'RE ALIVE.
YEP. SUNSCREEN.
S.P.F. 45.
PLUS A LITTLE
ZINC OXIDE ON MY BUM.
MAYBE NEXT TIME, SATAN.
SORRY, GUYS.
[COVEN MOANS]
YEAH, IT'S A SHAME.
SHUT UP. COME ON,
EVERYBODY OUT! SCRAM!
SATAN'S CHILDREN,
BE GONE WITH
YOU ALL! COME ON!
IT'S TOO BAD.
YOU'RE CUTE. YOU'RE SWEET.
YOU'D HAVE BEEN
THE PERFECT SACRIFICE.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
HEY, MILLIE...
KEYS.
YOU KNOW,
IT'S A SHAME
YOU DIDN'T
FALL FOR ME.
IT COULD'VE
BEEN GOOD.
ERIC, WHEN I SAW
THAT LIGHT BEAM,
WAS THAT REAL?
JACK, MAYBE IT WAS,
AND MAYBE IT WASN'T.
THERE ARE SOME THINGS
JUST TOO BIG
FOR OUR PUNY HEADS
TO COMPREHEND.
WELL, IT'S STILL HALLOWEEN.
I'M GONNA GO FIND
ANOTHER PARTY.
COME ON, JACK.
ERIC, WAIT.
EVEN AFTER ALL
THE ROTTEN THINGS
I'VE SAID TO YOU,
YOU'RE STILL
GONNA INVITE ME
TO COME ALONG?
OF COURSE, MAN.
YOU'RE MY FRIEND.
HMM. WELL,
I KNOW THAT NOW.
I'M A PRETTY LUCKY
GUY, MAN.
I'M BUYING.
OH, YOU BETTER!
YOU GOTTA LOVE
HALLOWEEN.
IT REALLY BRINGS
PEOPLE TOGETHER.
I LOVE THIS BALCONY.
YOU DO?
YEAH, IT'S GOT A GREAT
VIEW OF THE RIVER.
AND YOU CAN SEE
THAT GUY WATCHING TV
IN HIS UNDERWEAR.
I'VE SEEN HIM. HEH!
I WAS ACTUALLY JUST
WONDERING IF...
SEEING VALARIS DID
ANYTHING FOR YOU.
IS THAT HIS NAME?
WHY ARE YOU SO NERVOUS?
I'M SORRY, SABRINA.
MY BUDDY
JUST CAME OFF
KIND OF A SPOOKY
RELATIONSHIP.
HE WAS--HE WAS
DATING A, UH....
OH, WELL,
I'LL JUST SAY IT.
HE WAS DATING
A WITCH.
WHAT'S SO SPOOKY
ABOUT THAT?
SO WHAT'S NEXT?
I DON'T KNOW. I FIGURE
MAYBE WE'LL GO GET
A BITE TO EAT.
IS THAT GOOD?
ALL RIGHT, COOL.
HEY, SHAWN!
WANT US TO PICK YOU UP
SOMETHING, MAN?
NO, THANKS! I'M FEELING
A LITTLE BLOATED.
SEE YOU, SHAWN.
YOU GOTTA LOVE HALLOWEEN.